Oh trying to land it got lucky having
left face
shit man
I think it's the helicopter
copy
yelka way to the babes
try go around instead of just out the
same place
disables coming from down there fucking
there he is fuck in there is
motherfuckers just sit in there
targeting us got 20 i owe you get DV
missile nike and then the grade fucking
bullshit wanker give literally sitting
there waiting for us ok i want from a
syringe are you having a go at me again
are you having a go at me again so
you're not moaning but every time you
speak to me you're moaning at me do you
mean to come off the scribe do you
Charlie do you want me to come off the
skype and have around with you oh is
that what you're gunning for are you
wanting me to the most is just another
guy who it's not known to me
I'm gonna lose morale go promise sure
are you fucking finished finished it's
terrible
yeah there's a fucking woman flying
things just spotting everybody then it
get it get embarrassed by it on fire
someone's just spotted me because I have
fucking stupid flying
come great wait
Oh doesn't say anything killed me vol 4
News got him late this is way cool was
it this time mr. that life got him again
check out syncopate
how what the fuck is killing me it's
raging at all our guy keeps killing mean
I don't know is killing us it's been
showing him
wait
I gave grenade kills now yeah that new
guy I keep dropping dead for no reason
for some new guy smoking new bowling I
the fuck is he he's apparently well no
it doesn't tell me what's killed me I
just drop dead I was in the middle of
you lot and I just dropped out
got him again grace
again it's caught me and it says nothing
gives me no information on how he killed
me and what happened to me I let you
just drop dead I pushed him
what the fuck no Leslie made him a shot
somebody he didn't die and somehow i
flipping here and i can miss you say you
made him commit suicide yeah you can go
to college it's not what's killing me
from that all in the phone news oh you
did no one in fucking drones again just
hovering above the flatness let know
where we are he's in their darkened out
part yep Thrones actually trying to land
on me yep
and if it does not let me close up and
then you die cuz it's him why is no one
shooting a fucking fine-looking veggies
in baton I've got two drones go
the other one killed me
yeah hey SI units
gonna shift long-range guard and I got
nice oh and there's a fucking thing
again yes I'm gone she gets killed me
every time I've nearly died I'm coming
back
ridiculous weapon to destroy them lit
shells can't kill bottom drones nearly
every time cuz I had no idea what was
killing me yeah I hate them but people
that know how to use from the clock
really i've got a drone literally just
float and float and got on top of me
ridicula mathenge just killed drones
constantly got drones look after
synergist there must be a team of them
my some mates or something fucking drugs
I got taken out by a tank no I got taken
a line every one of the mare things
cause any foreign aid hello mi see a
drone another drone are you got my
clever yes I'm gonna go play some wow
otherwise I'm gonna end up snapping my
desk in two tiny pieces
if you're interested in helping me troll
you can join my platoon the mavs trolls